Display Block Information by matching block variations (#27469)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/block-editor/src/components/use-block-display-information/README.md

# useBlockDisplayInformation

> A React Hook that tries to find a matching block variation and returns the appropriate information for display reasons. In order to try to find a match we need to things:

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
A React Hook that tries to find a matching block variation and returns the appropriate information for display reasons. In order to try to find a match we need two things:
```

> 1. Block's client id to extract it's current attributes.

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
1. Block's client id to extract its current attributes.
```

> 2. A block variation should have set `isActive` prop to a proper function.

Reviewer: How do you like the following version?
```suggestion
2. A block variation has `isActive` prop defined with a matcher function.
```

If for any reason a block variaton match cannot be found, the returned information come from the Block Type.

Note that this is currently experimental, and is available as `__experimentalUseBlockDisplayInformation`.

### Usage

> The hook returns an object which contains block's title, icon and description. If no blockType is found with the provided `clientId`, returns `null`.

Reviewer: A proposed revision to this sentence:
```suggestion
The hook returns an object which contains the block's title, icon, and description. If no block type is found for the provided `clientId`, it returns `null`.
```

```jsx
import {
	BlockIcon,
	__experimentalUseBlockDisplayInformation as useBlockDisplayInformation,
} from '@wordpress/block-editor';

function DemoBlockCard( { clientId } ) {
	const blockInformation = useBlockDisplayInformation( clientId );
	const { title, icon, description } = blockInformation;
	return (

> 		<div style={ resizeStyles }>

Reviewer: Is it some copy/paste issue?
```suggestion
		<div>
```
